Ctor 2414 enhance snmp connectors with v 3 macros part 2 (#5487)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/network-cisco-wlc-snmp.md

<TabItem value="Not attached to a host template" label="Not attached to a host template">

| Service Alias                  | Service Template                                         | Service Description                              | Discovery |
|:-------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------|:---------:|
| Ap-Channel-Interference-Global | Net-Cisco-Wlc-Ap-Channel-Interference-Global-SNMP-custom | Check channel interferences of all access points |           |
| Ap-Channel-Noise-Global        | Net-Cisco-Wlc-Ap-Channel-Noise-Global-SNMP-custom        | Check channel noises of all access points        |           |
| Ap-Users                       | Net-Cisco-Wlc-Ap-Users-SNMP-Access-Point-custom          | Check access point total users                   |           |
| Ap-Users                       | Net-Cisco-Wlc-Ap-Users-SNMP-custom                       | Check total users of all access points           |           |
| Traffic-Generic-Id             | Net-Cisco-Wlc-Traffic-Generic-Id-SNMP-custom             | Check traffic of an network interface            |           |

> | Traffic-Generic-Name           | Net-Cisco-Wlc-Traffic-Generic-Name-SNMP-custom           | Check traffic of an network interface            |           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Traffic-Generic-Id             | Net-Cisco-Wlc-Traffic-Generic-Id-SNMP-custom             | Check traffic of a network interface            |           |
| Traffic-Generic-Name           | Net-Cisco-Wlc-Traffic-Generic-Name-SNMP-custom           | Check traffic of a network interface            |           |
```
